$ dnf info android-tools
Available Packages
Name         : android-tools
Epoch        : 1
Version      : 33.0.3p1
Release      : 1.fc36
Architecture : x86_64
Size         : 1.8 M
Source       : android-tools-33.0.3p1-1.fc36.src.rpm
Repository   : updates
Summary      : Android platform tools(adb, fastboot)
URL          : http://developer.android.com/guide/developing/tools/
License      : ASL 2.0 and (ASL 2.0 and BSD)
Description  :
             : The Android Debug Bridge (ADB) is used to:
             :
             : - keep track of all Android devices and emulators
             :   instances connected to or running on a given host
             :   developer machine
             :
             : - implement various control commands (e.g. "adb shell",
             :   "adb pull", etc.) for the benefit of clients
             :   (command-line users, or helper programs like DDMS).
             :   These commands are what is called a 'service' in ADB.
             :
             : Fastboot is used to manipulate the flash partitions of
             : the Android phone. It can also boot the phone using a
             : kernel image or root filesystem image which reside on the
             : host machine rather than in the phone flash. In order to
             : use it, it is important to understand the flash partition
             : layout for the phone. The fastboot program works in
             : conjunction with firmware on the phone to read and write
             : the flash partitions. It needs the same USB device setup
             : between the host and the target phone as adb.

Command-Line Tools:
    apkanalyzer
    avdmanager
    sdkmanager
Build Tools: should be invoked by the build tools
Platform Tools: you can only download Platform Tools, like android-tools above
    adb:      bridge of an emulator instance or Android device
    fastboot: flash a device
Emulator
    emulator: QEMU-based device emulation, actual Android runtime environment. Included with Android Studio.
    mksdcard: create a disk image used with emulator
Jetifier: Library migration (support-library -> AndroidX)


$ sdkmanager --list --verbose
